support for datadog provider v3 (#3)
claranet/terraform-datadog-monitors: README.md

## Getting started

### Versions

> Here is the minimum versions required to use these modules of integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the minimum versions required to use these modules of integrations.
```

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    datadog = {
      source = "DataDog/datadog"
      version = ">= 3.1.0"
    }
  }
  required_version = ">= 0.12.31"
}

```

> _Note_: if you want to use Datadog provider v2 so you need to use version 3 of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note_: if you want to use Datadog provider v2, you need to use version 3 of this module.
```

Author: it feels weird to speak about "module" whereas we are on the root README which is not a module no?

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
_Note_: if you want to use Datadog provider v2, you need to use version 3 of the modules in this repository.
```

Author: good for me !
